README.md, before:


# Cookies

## Ingredients

Amount  |  Ingredient
--------|------------
125g    |  butter, softened
        |
20g     |  caster sugar
40g     |  granulated sugar
50g     |  light brown demerara sugar
30g     |  dark brown soft sugar
        |
1 egg   |  lightly beaten
1 tsp   |  vanilla extract
        |
50g     |  self-raising flour
100g    |  brown flour
75g     |  porridge oats
        |
1/2 tsp |  salt
200g    |  chocolate chips

The mix of sugars is due to limited availibility in my kitchen and recorded for science.


## Instructions

1. Preheat the oven to 180°C, gas mark 4

2. Cream butter and sugars, once creamed, combine in the egg and vanilla.

3. Sift in the flour and salt, then the chocolate chips.

4. Roll into walnut size balls, for a more homemade look, or roll into a long,
   thick sausage shape and slice to make neater looking cookies.

5. Freeze completely. Cooking from frozen leads to thicker cookies.

6. Place on ungreased baking paper. Bake for 9 minutes, till the cookies are just setting - the
   cookies will be really doughy and delicious.

7. Take out of the oven and leave to harden for a minute before transferring to
   a wire cooling rack. These are great warm, and they also store well, if they
   don't all get eaten straight away!

Commit message:

Latest version with less sugar still
About as low sugar as I think we should go.

README.md, after:


# Cookies

## Ingredients

Amount     |  Ingredient
--------   |------------
187g       |  butter, softened
           |
50g        |  dark brown soft sugar
100g       |  light brown demerara sugar
           |
2 egg      |  lightly beaten
2 tsp      |  vanilla extract
           |
75g        |  self-raising flour
150g       |  brown flour
112g       |  porridge oats
           |
1 1/2 tsp  |  salt
300g       |  chocolate chips (55% cocoa)

This is 1.5x larger batch than the last lot.

## Instructions

1. Preheat the oven to 180°C.

2. Cream butter and sugars, once creamed, combine in the egg and vanilla.

3. Sift in the flour and salt, then the chocolate chips.

4. Roll into lemon sized balls.

5. Freeze completely. Cooking from frozen leads to thicker cookies.

6. Place on ungreased baking paper. Bake for 11 + 2 minutes (still trying to figure out the time.)

7. Take out of the oven and leave to harden for a minute before transferring to
   a wire cooling rack. These are great warm, and they also store well, if they
   don't all get eaten straight away!


# Results

- Cookies come out with about as little sugar as you'd want whilst still tasting good.

- Plan to experiment with adding more self-raising flour to try to make them lift a little more.
  We've also reduced the sugar by so much that there is potentially a loss of volume to be
  compensated for.
